hey guys what is up and welcome to
episode number 3 of red moments in this
episode I collected three really cool
Zed plays that I did in my previous
games and I want to show you guys a play
and then once again we're gonna look at
it in slow motion and I want to tell you
guys what happened and pretty much this
kind of analyzes so the first one is
gonna be up against a challenger level
Gragas or diamond one and a damn in five
hecarim I believe so I'm throwing that
out there just in case people say that
the enemies are bad so what happens here
is that as the hecarim is coming in I
use my W once more after I just finished
farming with that dodge the hecarim
charge ulti to dodge the hecarim salty
and gragas e and then here I'm not
really a hundred percent sure what I
want to do some kind of just going with
the flow
attack the heck um quite a bit cuz I see
the Gragas is waiting at my shadows
position that my ulti place down so it's
kind of just not really sure what to do
but it ended up working pretty well so
let's look at that one more time cuz
there's quite a bit going on here first
of course I get my W time just right to
dodge the hecarim charge so he doesn't
push me backwards next I use that
ultimate a disadvantage of dodging
champion abilities as that dodge Gragas
e and a heck are multi here's where get
some big more confusing as you can see
the grass is chillin at the bottom near
my shadow
he doesn't realize that I'm actually
owning his head rim so by the time he
realizes that he pops his ulti but I tie
my ulti just in time dodged the Gragas
ulti and kill the hecarim with ignite as
we finally make our way into the second
clip I want to showcase to you guys how
abusive you can be with Zed's shadows
some kind of minding my own business
walking back into the lane but there is
a ward that I did not know about that
Leeson comes in for the gank I throw my
W just out I'll do the gratis because I
was actually expecting the Gragas to go
there after the Gragas died pretty fast
I see the least in Q's army so W over
the ledge at least in queue zone because
he thinks that's the only way I can go
he follows me then i press r go back to
my original shadows location and there
you go in slow motion you can see I
throw my W first then I owe to the Greg
his dodges II do quite a lot of damage
with him so he dies extremely quickly I
see these since Q zombie has that W up
he follows me thinking he has been
cornered but I simply are back to my
original shadows location and in the
third clip I wanna show you guys that
zet is honestly a true ninja at escaping
very bad situations and mainly because
his ultimate is just so good at it now
so this one is starting off with me kind
of in a bad situation the enemy
obviously knows I'm there I just got
literally spear and the Yasuo is
courting me with the Shyvana so I found
my W there if you saw it but then I
don't see the Shyvana
I flash away and as I get to this bush I
press R to my original location and they
have no idea of where one I simply chill
here back not gonna go too far they are
sooo
me but he just barely does not make it
and I back out just in time but to show
you guys how that really looks like from
the enemy's point of view let's look at
it from the enemy's point of view so I'm
getting nearly sweet that you're su and
everyone else obviously see me I feel my
W they're pretty bad but I altered the
Shyvana flash away and watch as I walk
into this bush I just disappear ma'am
they don't know where I went they have
no idea where my original shadow was and
simply I just walk into the bush and
back away so I hope these tips helped
you guys these are really cool things
you can do with zet and I hope to see
you for the next episode of red moment's
peace